I have seen things things I just choose
not to talk about things that only seem
to frighten and offend most everybody
welcome to my study
oh hello and welcome to my study my name
is Mitchell you're always welcome to
enjoy the things that I've found I'm
lonely and I collect things so let's see
what I found inside my study drawers
it's a ham steak a ham steak
mmm you're doing it to me again so what
else is inside my study drawers it's a
ball of twine
you once if you were you when you loved
a girl and then she comes out to to say
no to you
if God could grant me one wish no no I
don't don't be afraid I don't want to I
wha
so what else is inside my study drawers
it's another ham steak if God could
grant me one wish it would be to spend
more time with you I have seen things
things I just choose not to talk about
things that only seemed to frighten and
offend most everybody welcome to my
study